README.md, before:

# English Icelandic dictionary
This repo currently contains two types of dictionaries, a language technology
dictionary and a dictionary to follow along with the [Icelandic as a second
language BA](https://english.hi.is/icelandic_as_a_second_language_ba). They're
both searchable with Ctrl + F or via the search bar.

# Usage
The website is available at
[https://judyfong.github.io/dictionary](https://judyfong.github.io/dictionary).

# English Icelandic Technology and Language dictionary
These terms are mainly focused on the tools created by the 2019-2022 Icelandic
Language Technology Program.

# Icelandic as a second language
## Málfræði 1
This is a first year first semester course in the program which teaches
Icelandic grammar.

# Acknowledgements
The language technology dictionary was originally compiled by members of
[SÍM](https://www.facebook.com/simmaltaekni), the people working on the
Icelandic Language Technology Program.

The grammar dictionary is originally from the
[isl-elements](https://github.com/phaedon/isl-elements) repo, used with
permission from Fædon.

The definition of steal comes from [Íslensk-Ensk Ensk-Íslensk vasaorðabók](https://www.forlagid.is/vara/islensk-enskensk-islensk-vasaor%C3%B0abok/), [ÍSLENSK-ENSK ORÐABÓK. CONCISE ICELANDIC- ENGLISH DICTIONARY](https://www.boksala.is/en/product/islensk-ensk-ordabok-concise-icelandic/), [The American College Dictionary](https://www.amazon.com/American-College-Dictionary-Stein-Barnhart/dp/B000U0SKDE), and [Ensk-Íslensk orðabók - til að hafa við höndina eftir Sigurður Örn Borgason](https://books.google.is/books/about/Ensk_%C3%ADslensk_or%C3%B0ab%C3%B3k.html?id=nJOszgEACAAJ&redir_esc=y).

# Licensing
Licensing will be treated on a case by case basis by initiating an issue
listing why you want to use the dictionary.

# Author
Judy Fong <contact@judyyfong.xyz>

Commit message:

Use semi automatically generated general word list

README.md, after:

# English Icelandic dictionary
This repo currently contains two types of dictionaries, a language technology
dictionary and a dictionary to follow along with the [Icelandic as a second
language BA](https://english.hi.is/icelandic_as_a_second_language_ba). They're
both searchable with Ctrl + F or via the search bar.

# Usage
The website is available at
[https://judyfong.github.io/dictionary](https://judyfong.github.io/dictionary).

## Word lists

### English Icelandic Technology and Language dictionary
These terms are mainly focused on the tools created by the 2019-2022 Icelandic
Language Technology Program.

### Icelandic as a second language
#### Málfræði 1
This is a first year first semester course in the program which teaches
Icelandic grammar.

# Acknowledgements
The language technology dictionary was originally compiled by members of
[SÍM](https://www.facebook.com/simmaltaekni), the people working on the
Icelandic Language Technology Program.

The grammar dictionary is originally from the
[isl-elements](https://github.com/phaedon/isl-elements) repo, used with
permission from Fædon.

The definition of steal comes from [Íslensk-Ensk Ensk-Íslensk vasaorðabók](https://www.forlagid.is/vara/islensk-enskensk-islensk-vasaor%C3%B0abok/), [ÍSLENSK-ENSK ORÐABÓK. CONCISE ICELANDIC- ENGLISH DICTIONARY](https://www.boksala.is/en/product/islensk-ensk-ordabok-concise-icelandic/), [The American College Dictionary](https://www.amazon.com/American-College-Dictionary-Stein-Barnhart/dp/B000U0SKDE), and [Ensk-Íslensk orðabók - til að hafa við höndina eftir Sigurður Örn Borgason](https://books.google.is/books/about/Ensk_%C3%ADslensk_or%C3%B0ab%C3%B3k.html?id=nJOszgEACAAJ&redir_esc=y).

# Licensing
Licensing will be treated on a case by case basis by initiating a GitHub issue
listing why you want to use the dictionary.

# Author
Judy Fong <contact@judyyfong.xyz>

# TODO
1. Create a GitHub action to automatically combine word lists
